Friends here or concept is introduction to Buto three.
C boat U3 is the name of the Python SDK for AWS,
or simply moto three is the Python module or
Python library or Python API to work with AWS services using Python scripts.
So using moto three,
we can directly create,
update and delete AWS services from
our Python skates without opening AWS management console through the browser.
And we can execute these Python Bhutto three skips either
from our local server or using AWS Lambda service.
So in our course first,
we'll go with how do you implement and execute Python scripts on our local server.
Then we'll move on with AWS Lambda service.
This bottle tree is built on top of Bordeaux core module.
So what are core is the base module in order to work with moto three.
See if you want to walk with AWS service using Bhutto three of Python,
then you have to install it. So how to install it?
So to install your moto three,
if you're using Python 2.2x,
simply use pip. Install Bhutto three.
If you're using Python 3.4x,
then go with pip, install Ubuntu three.
So this is all about simply introduction to Buto three.
Thank you.